README.md, before:

# UN HDR 2011 Visualization Submission

## Data

A list of the [2011 Indicators](http://www.visualizing.org/datasets/human-development-report-2011-data) for the Human Development Report 2011 Data.
### Demographic.csv
Population, female (thousands)<br />
Population, male (thousands)<br />
Population, total both sexes (thousands)<br />
Population, urban (%)<br />

### Education.csv
Adult literacy rate, both sexes<br />
Combined gross enrolment in education (both sexes)<br />
HDI: Expected Years of Schooling (of children)<br />
HDI: Mean years of schooling (of adults)<br />
Public expenditure on education (% of GDP)<br />

### Gender.csv
Adolescent fertility rate (women aged 15-19 years)<br />
GII: Gender Inequality Index, value<br />
Labour force participation rate, female-male ratio<br />
Population with at least secondary education, female/male ratio<br />
Maternal mortality ratio<br />
Shares in parliament, female-male ratio<br />

### HDI.csv
HDI: Education index<br />
HDI: Health index<br />
HDI: Income index<br />
HDI: Human Development Index (HDI) value<br />

### Health.csv
Expenditure on health, public (% of GDP)<br />
HDI: Life expectancy at birth<br />
Under-five mortality rate<br />

### Income.csv
HDI: GDP per capita in PPP terms (constant 2005 international $)<br />
HDI: GNI per capita in PPP terms (constant 2005 international $)<br />

### Inequality.csv
IHDI: Income Gini coefficient<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted HDI value<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted education index<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted income index<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted life expectancy index<br />
IHDI: Loss due to inequality in education<br />
IHDI: Loss due to inequality in income<br />
IHDI: Loss due to inequality in life expectancy<br />

### Poverty.csv
MPI: Headcount ( k greater than or equal to 3), percentage population in poverty<br />
MPI: Intensity of deprivation<br />
MPI: Multidimensional poverty index (k greater than or equal to 3)<br />
MPI: Population living below $1.25 PPP per day<br />

### Sustainability.csv
Carbon Dioxide Emissions per capita<br />
Carbon dioxide per capita emission (growth 1970-2008)<br />
Change in forest area<br />
Ecological footprint of consumption<br />
Endangered species<br />
Environmental performance index (EPI)<br />
Forest area<br />
Forest area (% of total land area)<br />
Fresh water withdrawals<br />
Greenhouse gases per capita<br />
Impact of natural disasters: number of deaths (average per year/million)<br />
Impact of natural disasters: population affected (average per year/million)<br />

Commit message:

Testing git from live server :

README.md, after:

this is  just a test from the live server
# UN HDR 2011 Visualization Submission

## Data

A list of the [2011 Indicators](http://www.visualizing.org/datasets/human-development-report-2011-data) for the Human Development Report 2011 Data.
### Demographic.csv
Population, female (thousands)<br />
Population, male (thousands)<br />
Population, total both sexes (thousands)<br />
Population, urban (%)<br />

### Education.csv
Adult literacy rate, both sexes<br />
Combined gross enrolment in education (both sexes)<br />
HDI: Expected Years of Schooling (of children)<br />
HDI: Mean years of schooling (of adults)<br />
Public expenditure on education (% of GDP)<br />

### Gender.csv
Adolescent fertility rate (women aged 15-19 years)<br />
GII: Gender Inequality Index, value<br />
Labour force participation rate, female-male ratio<br />
Population with at least secondary education, female/male ratio<br />
Maternal mortality ratio<br />
Shares in parliament, female-male ratio<br />

### HDI.csv
HDI: Education index<br />
HDI: Health index<br />
HDI: Income index<br />
HDI: Human Development Index (HDI) value<br />

### Health.csv
Expenditure on health, public (% of GDP)<br />
HDI: Life expectancy at birth<br />
Under-five mortality rate<br />

### Income.csv
HDI: GDP per capita in PPP terms (constant 2005 international $)<br />
HDI: GNI per capita in PPP terms (constant 2005 international $)<br />

### Inequality.csv
IHDI: Income Gini coefficient<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted HDI value<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted education index<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted income index<br />
IHDI: Inequality-adjusted life expectancy index<br />
IHDI: Loss due to inequality in education<br />
IHDI: Loss due to inequality in income<br />
IHDI: Loss due to inequality in life expectancy<br />

### Poverty.csv
MPI: Headcount ( k greater than or equal to 3), percentage population in poverty<br />
MPI: Intensity of deprivation<br />
MPI: Multidimensional poverty index (k greater than or equal to 3)<br />
MPI: Population living below $1.25 PPP per day<br />

### Sustainability.csv
Carbon Dioxide Emissions per capita<br />
Carbon dioxide per capita emission (growth 1970-2008)<br />
Change in forest area<br />
Ecological footprint of consumption<br />
Endangered species<br />
Environmental performance index (EPI)<br />
Forest area<br />
Forest area (% of total land area)<br />
Fresh water withdrawals<br />
Greenhouse gases per capita<br />
Impact of natural disasters: number of deaths (average per year/million)<br />
Impact of natural disasters: population affected (average per year/million)<br />
